---
title: DevOps
startDate: 2022-03-11T00:38:06.781Z
endDate: 2022-03-28T00:38:06.791Z
layout: $/layouts/Career.astro
location: Our team is mainly based in Sydney, we're open to candidates from
  anywhere in Australia
salary: $110,000 - $120,000 + super
applicationUrl: https://app.beapplied.com/apply/zk9ovi4p3a
summary: "We are looking for someone to continue to grow and support our
  technology platform to serve and engage with our members and use their tech
  skills as a force for good. "
---
## About Future Super

At Future Super, we’re making money moves and changing the way super is done. By giving people a chance to invest their life savings in companies that don’t harm the planet, we’re showing the power super has to change the world! 

We are looking for someone to join our mission focused high-growth startup to continue to grow and support our technology platform to serve and engage with our members. While most superannuation companies chose very low engagement with their members, we believe that engaging with our members through technology will result in better outcomes for them personally and for our planet!

We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, people with disability, people from diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds, mature age workers, people with caring responsibilities and lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual (LGBTQIA+) people. Seriously, the problems we face are complex and the more diversity of experiences we can bring to the table, the better our solutions become.

## You’ll love this job if:

* You find superannuation opaque and frustrating, if you had the chance to revolutionise the industry to be better for people, you would 
* The DevOps Engineer will focus on enabling Future Super’s infrastructure, systems and networks to be easily reproducible and secure while automating many laborious processes such as building and deploying. 
* Also, will be responsible for applying security and monitoring best practises to our infrastructure, systems and hardware in order to enable visibility and protection for the business.
* Providing guidance and mentoring to the tech team, supporting them with process improvements and best practises for cloud implementations 

## We’re looking for someone who:

* Believes in Future Super’s mission and has a passion for moving Australia’s money out of fossil-fuels and into renewable energy 
* Is a self-starter and enjoys solving problems across a wide range of domains
* Has experience in Google Cloud Platform or other Cloud providers
* Has experience with managing Kubernetes clusters
* Has used and written Helm charts to manage Kubernetes resources
* Has extensive experience with Docker including best practises for creating Docker images
* Experience with IaC such as Terraform
* Experience with CI/CD tools such as Github Actions or similar
* Knowledge of best practises for logging and monitoring for application and infrastructure
* Experience working as part of a team, and enjoys taking a collaborative approach to their work
* Experience programming in languages such as Bash, Python or PHP
* Knowledge of security best practises for Cloud and Kubernetes hosted infrastructure 
* Ability to participate in on-call rotation

## It would be great if you also had:

* Experience working in an agile environment
* Experience in the superannuation industry
* Knowledge of Istio Service mesh
* Knowledge of HashiCorp Vault
* Previous development experience

## Don't tick all the boxes? That's okay, we like thinking outside the box. We value skills, passion and who you are over what you've done or where you've studied. So if this job resonates with you, give it a good whirl!

## You'll love working here with:

* A purpose-driven organisation, spending your days working on making this world a better place! The more we grow, the bigger the impact we are making on climate change and inequality
* A proud B Corp organisation that cares about what how it behaves inside and out
* A passionate team who work hard, support each other and have a lot of fun along the way
* Team lunches, drinks and company-wide events
* 14 weeks’ paid parental leave for all genders and a generous parental superannuation package, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), formal training and development with continuous improvement opportunities, a continuous supply of healthy office snacks (if/when you’re in the office) and membership to Bicycle NSW  (or your State’s equivalent) as part of our sustainable transport policy
* Future Super is an equal opportunity employer – we provide flexible working hours, the option to work from home and a laptop you can use to work remotely (this used to be a more differentiating dot-point, but it’s still true!)

The application will require answering short questions so give yourself time to complete it. Once started, you can save and return to your application before submitting.

We use Applied as our de-identified recruitment platform, helping us reduce the risk of unconscious bias in our hiring process. If you are curious to know more about how it works, [check out this blog post](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-de-identified-recruitment-improving-diversity-our-veronica/?trackingId=0MnwcX%2BBRQSOTl0oogaIbA%3D%3D).

Questions? Please reach out to Khi, HR Advisor at careers@futuresuper.com.au.